The galleys are welcome here.
a video that speaks tiago in another one
video of more locks
Today I'll show you that I
finally tame a wolf to the
night now but anyway I think it gives
for you to accompany outside you have a
new here with you can see will stay
day and already has many wolves do not then
I'll need the herd not to enter the
Let's go home and sleep.
ready, it 's daylight now , open door
yesterday a new one and now and not only has more
one here and there in front of the game there pro
world, I do not know what world is no better there
in front there is one more new here I spent
one more and still achieve a
the only problem that following the crowd
wolf it somehow he does not
can follow 100% understood what
happens is that over time if
saw he killed the chicken for me
over time he can not
get up and down the stairs the
that ends you missed at home soon
walk fast she shows up where you are
but on some occasions what happens is
that it does not appear
so that's why I'm leaving some
Wolves there plot without doing anything
the advantage is the following I hit a
A little goes there and kills a little
for me if I hit the chicken in the neighborhood
he kills the chicken and for some reason the
wolf disappeared as you can see
here then neither needed to be far from
ask him to disappear
he disappeared without doing anything
because I 'm not even carrying the sword
or carrying a chicken feather
so there's no way to kill him then
Let's put it like this, what I did here
since the last episode was that never
to run swim was to have put this one here
now only with steps and see that now
Are you more falling into losing?
it's energy so help a little and if you
it is
I planted bamboo too now and as you
can see then there will be no lack of wood
that never again and what else I did
here do not release this login here ok you
Are you going to follow me?
so I think it has something to do
with the game I do not know what it is if it's got to
see him jumping if he is
disappearing what it is to leave a new
always stored there where he outta
he never died he never had this
problem hitting this chicken here and
again my wolf took over then
people, how are you seeing the reason?
why he does not like walking with the wolf is
that he disappears and I do not
I'm interested in this until the other
next thing a lot of people there or a
person two many people one person
leave your comment and say that
original site of most blogs
in case here I can play both in
free games site itself I put there
So you can play
you can download you can
play on the original site but soon I will
let him want to have arrested die
so what happens is the following in
original game developer site
what happens is you strong
there and come by here
the advantage that your group explodes in the
Water does not have any problem
apparently on the original site has a
char system you can talk to
with people and it's cool
It just feels bad to be marking the day.
I could play there what I'm doing to
I 'm trying to develop a
legal system for us is
talking more as much as I can
stay longer on twitter or that I
can be more like sending more
messages and posting more things up and
also something else i want to do is
create a forum for free games site
It's going to get easier for us
is communicating and also has the problem
I got here guys who never saw this
here is the side of the game where you do not
can more
the game is limited until then a problem
are you wanting a forum is that
folks went too spam link to sell me
viagra or selling other things I do not know
This is a frequent problem that
there are many people who are hungry
They always complain and I'm not like that.
very interested in doing this
Because you do not have much time, I always
I wanted to have a forum
but I never wanted to have this problem
to deal with people who are
You're messing with other people's lives.
people who do well to be able to sell
some others do just to
disturbing the other legal thing to
the next I was not writing to
time but strangely enough the
to look like a tripod that was open
if you remember and he came here and
it exploded and made the biggest mess
now there's no way he's going to
they or he any song appear there
and also stopped appearing from any
So I do not know what the logic is
That's where the spongebob is.
club here forever because if I touch
in him as you saw him it will end
disappearing
I'll even send a message to the
game developer so he can
seeing what it is
because the wolf one o'clock is following you
once it disappears over time once
that I got a madman that he got
A lot of time understood with me and that came up.
came down but as you are seeing there
I'm playing here
at the same time that I am recording then
there are people who like people who do not
Some people like to tell me that
prefers to play like that live than what
happened happened
Just to tell you the truth, the guys have
games that do not have how I have to
record the game first and then place
voice by the fact that the players gives
problem
the size of the screen or even have to
through multiple screens to be able to be
starting the game so it's better to
making a gameplay already so the gameplay
so it 's better to be playing him
first and then put the voice
What I do not particularly like about
put voice on even after I know the
what is happening but I prefer
Play this game live now and see.
speaking of the game I will leave a challenge
for you who likes to play in the mode
creator who creates something in his
game and leave comments on the channel
I 'm going to pay a visit to your channel and
I will not leave a comment
I even came here to talk on my channel.
Kind that I liked the most
maybe it makes a face of someone the mario
is the smile symbol made that
yellow face with smiling face
anything you want and leave it
in the comments saying but if you do not
did not fail to comment saying that
You did work - I would not if I did not
do it on my channel but the interest
here right now it's really up to you
something in the creative mode is
leaving the comments I 'm going too
Think about something there and I'll be there.
doing the guys too, I'm staying for
here thank you very much you have
watched this video if you 're not
participating in the promotion as winning a
control of logitech has some
previous videos that I let go
staying here and until next time